🔧 SOP cleanup (#85)
kids-first/kf-cbioportal-etl: docs/INCREMENTAL_UPDATES.md

# Incremental Updates - Details
The incremental update steps follow the same general structure as the whole study import — steps like generating the config file and gathering starting inputs are still required. However, unlike the full import, this workflow identifies and processes only the files that have changed between the D3b Warehouse and the PedcBioPortal. This targeted approach helps conserve resources by reducing download time and compute overhead.
Refer to [full study imports](WHOLE_STUDY_IMPORT.md) documentation for details on:
+ [Reference inputs](WHOLE_STUDY_IMPORT.md#refs)
+ [Generating a config file](WHOLE_STUDY_IMPORT.md#config-file)
+ [Getting starting file inputs](WHOLE_STUDY_IMPORT.md#starting-file-inputs)

## Compare current cBioPortal instance versus updated flat files

> This documentation addresses a [QC script](../cbioportal_etl/scripts/diff_studies.py) for clinical metadata. It streamlines the process of identifying and summarizing changes slated to be made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation describes the [QC script](../cbioportal_etl/scripts/diff_studies.py) for clinical metadata. It streamlines the process of identifying and summarizing changes slated to be made.
```

7 changes in Clinical Status found for this study. Outputting delta files
36 changes in SPECIMEN found for this study. Outputting delta files
```

## Processing outputs
+ If an `add_data/` directory exists, the script will proceed with the rest of the [whole study import workflow](WHOLE_STUDY_IMPORT.md), but will only download and process new sample or patient data found in that directory.
+ If a `delta_data/` directory exists, new corresponding `meta_*.txt` files will be generated for all associated data types, ensuring the metadata reflects the latest updates.

> + If a `delete_id_list_SAMPLE.txt` file exists, no further processing is performed on that file — it is used solely to remove samples from the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ If a `delete_id_list_SAMPLE.txt` and/or `delete_id_list_PATIENT.txt` file exists, no further processing is performed on that file - it is used solely to remove samples from the portal.
```

> All additions, updates, and deletions will then be pushed to PedcBioPortal using [cBioPortal Docker Compose](https://github.com/cBioPortal/cbioportal-docker-compose).

Reviewer: Like, kinda. Again, we can't actually access it directly. Need to meet with Charles to determine how it will actually be implemented
